{
  "answer": "Use a comprehensive multi-tenant streaming test framework with HTTP/2 SSE as the primary protocol and WebSocket as the fallback mechanism. Validate stream initialization by confirming 200 OK responses with appropriate Content-Type headers (text/event-stream or websocket upgrade). Verify that connections are rejected without valid Tenant-Id headers. For per-tenant isolation, send requests with different Tenant-Id headers and assert that each tenant receives only their own messages, treating cross-tenant message leakage as a failure condition. Test backpressure handling by configuring a slow consumer and verifying that the server appropriately chunks responses, implements flow control via HTTP/2 window updates or WebSocket ping/pong frames, and does not drop messages. For message ordering across reconnections, disconnect and reconnect clients mid-stream, then verify that messages maintain sequential order using sequence IDs or timestamps embedded in each event. For downstream failure modes, inject faults into the event store (simulate timeouts, connection refused, or slow responses) and validate that the API returns appropriate 503 Service Unavailable responses, implements circuit breakers, retries with exponential backoff, and gracefully degrades by queuing or buffering events. Use k6 with the xk6-kafka or xk6-websockets extension for load testing, Toxiproxy for chaos injection, and custom middleware to validate tenant isolation headers on every request.",
  "explanation": "This question evaluates practical knowledge of API testing for streaming systems, with emphasis on per-tenant isolation, backpressure management, reconnection semantics, and resilience against downstream failures. It tests understanding of both protocol-level concerns (HTTP/2, WebSocket) and operational concerns (fault injection, monitoring). Key concepts include: Streaming protocols (HTTP/2 Server-Sent Events (SSE) and WebSocket fallback mechanisms), Backpressure and chunking (managing slow consumers without data loss), and Reconnection and ordering (ensuring message sequence is preserved across client reconnections)."
}